okichi we're going to do a quick video
on dogs yeah I have a he's a follower
this a half half husky I've gone Trevor
I'm very dangerous all right this is
this is the ultimate in in guard dog
this guy will sniff you out find you
jump on you and lick you to death okay
very dangerous time and doesn't like to
use a teeth too much but if you get that
slobber on you it's just going to take a
while to come up in the wash so very
vicious very very much don't it come
come here rear obedient this is a very
drained kill the dog come here leave
that long nice fat something okay so I
still about dogs okay sit good boy no
the main reason I got a dog was ops ii
for a pet yeah exercise yes and fun is
good for the family etc the other thing
is with with a dog even though he's not
very vicious at all okay he's he's a
look he's got better sensors and then I
have us for sure I can smell smell
someone you can hear someone would fall
I can hear anything now especially at
night when it's like even a three-book
number one if he has any noise outside
he wakes up he goes and checks it out
he'll come back and get me wakes me up
and then and then we're both will go
through a week obviously something to do
anything I don't think he'd do anything
I don't know whether he'd protect me or
anything but he's he's alert which is
kind of the main thing he's coming over
wash doc he's very good with my my door
he doesn't bother her at all no there's
nothing that he was there I felt I found
bird dog food Hagar
so he's very alert with that's pretty
good with my daughter very good with
people and general and other dogs he's
very friendly very friendly dog now you
know I think in any house whether you
decide to have a dog for a specific
guard dog roll or a watchdog or just for
fines for exercise you know every house
should have when I think it's it's a lot
cheaper than setting up boom alarm
systems apapa feeding of course he's
quite a big dog he's only a year old he
does he like he likes it his dry food he
likes apples and carrots right now so
come here see I'd say so this is Apollo
guard dog extraordinaire definitely
definitely something i think for
security it's going to give you some
peace of mind as far as actually makes
me away at three in the morning if
anyone comes into the house okay so
that's a polo smell is YouTube yeah
Sal's you should lose this good boy
thanks a lot